Add string encoding for env, remove sealKey (#41)
edgelesssys/docs.edgeless.systems: marblerun/workflows/define-manifest.md

`{{ <encoding> <name of secret> }}`

> The following enconding types are available to `Files` and `Env`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following enconding types are available to both `Files` and `Env`:
```

* `hex`: hex string
* `base64`: Base64 encoding
* `pem`: PEM encoding with a header matching the type of the requested key or certificate

The following encoding types are only available to `Files`:

* `raw`: raw bytes

The following encoding types are only available to `Env`:

> * `string`: similar to `raw`, but does not allow [NULL bytes](https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man7/environ.7.html). Since the content in non-user-defined secrets is random, and can't be controlled, only secrets with `UserDefined=true` are allowed to use this encoding

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `string`: similar to `raw`, but does not allow [NULL bytes](https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man7/environ.7.html). Since the content in non-user-defined secrets is random, and cannot be controlled, only secrets with `UserDefined` set to `true` are allowed to use this encoding.
```
